The next thing that we would want to discuss is coupling what is coupling coupling is actually a measure
of how much a specific class is dependent on other classes.
Ideally there should be minimal dependencies between the classes.
So the aim is always to have as low coupling as possible.
This is really theoretical definition right.
I mean dependencies and these kind of things are really theoretical So what we do is we'll take an example.
So what we have here is a shopping cart example.
So if you look at this shopping cart it contains a list of items and when there is an order you'd actually
say I want to buy a list of items that I want this many quantity with this price and I have an array
of those things.
And while calculating the order we would want to add the sales tax in so many Claybourne although we
give it to our shopping cart and also the sales tax as input.
And this is one of the implementations which is present here.
So our the total price this calculates the total price of all the items inside the card.
So there if there are 10 items it would actually multiply pricing the quantities sum them up and then
it would add the sales tax and give it back.
So these are the total price.
If you look at this particular method this method knows the internal details of shopping cart entry.
So it is like if you look at this like the cart cart contains something called items and so it knows
about that and also know that each of the items has something called price and granddaddy.
So it is taking responsibility like if I'm changing the name of this table from price.
So if this particular variable I'm changing it from price to price why not price to or if the type of
this table changes.
Then what would happen is this class the class order would also need to change the name of items to
changes.
Then what would happen.
I would need to also change these references to items in here.
So what you see here is called tight coupling you'd see that there is really tight coupling between
these classes because if I change anything in this class if I change something in a shopping cart entry
then I would definitely need to change something in order as well if I change something in shopping
cart I would need to change it in the order class as well.
This is what is called coupling.
This coupling here is very tight because when I change the name or type of any of these variables it
would mean that I would also need to change the corresponding things in here.
This is not really good for maintenance because this would mean that when I would make a change in one
of the classes I would need to touch then other classes of that consider an implementation like this.
So let's say shopping cart entry has get total price and it returns price into quantity and ecarte content.
It contains a list of items and also it has a method to get total price which looks at all the items
calculates the total price of that item and returns that back and the order after that it's only responsible
for getting the total price of the card and then sale stack adds the sales tax on top of it.
So if you look at this specific implementation of this then this is very there is very low coupling.
So if I change the name of the price will anything else change Nope if I change the type or if I change
the name of quantity or if the items will anything change in the other classes.
No nothing else will change that.
The magic of low coupling so if you have the objects well defined with proper member variables and methods
which act on those member variables.
We're not really exposing the member variables outside this class.
All that we are doing is we are exposing metrics which act so we are exposing behavior and we are not
really exposing data which is inside this particular class that would help us in having no coupling
between different classes.
A lot of things like this instance where people should be private.
They should be getters and setters for this and same for items here and cottontails Dexia So there are
a few good practices that we did not really follow or we did not show in here because of limitations
on terms of space but ideally they should be private getters and setters for all this kind of stuff.
But the focus of this example was to show coupling between classes and this is a very good example of
low coupling between classes.
So don't spend some time with these two examples these two examples are also present eclipse you can
search for coupling examples problem and solution.
The problem has the problem and the solution has the solution because they will commit you to do is
to start with the problem and friendly factor it does a shame and I'm sure that will be a real learning
curve.
So there you go.
That coupling.
And until the next video we're.